#1034: AWS SQS and SNS support (#1051)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AWSLambda/CHANGELOG.md

  ([#943](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/943))
* BREAKING (behavior): `AddAWSLambdaConfigurations` no longer calls `AddService`
  ([#1080](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/1080))

> * Added tracing of AWS Lambda handlers receiving SQS and SNS messages.

Reviewer: Same here, we were already tracing it, but:

```suggestion
* Tracing received SQS events will now create links to the contexts contained in the messages and optionally a parent. Receiving SNS events will now set the parent to the context contained in the notification.
```
